datacite-metadata-generator
===========================

This is a single HTML form which can be used to generate DataCite Metadata Kernel 4.4 XML. 

It is the updated version of [Marcin Paluch's](https://github.com/mpaluch/datacite-metadata-generator) and metadata generator.
Metadata is generated by populating text boxes and selecting values from drop-downs. The results can then be saved to a file. The main goal of this form was to create a tool which does not require any installation, extra libraries, or an application server, just download and go.

The first update (DataCite Version 4.3) was created by [Osman Cakir](https://github.com/osmancakir) from the IT-Group for the Humanities (ITG) at Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München. The update for DataCite version 4.4 was created by Christiane Bayer, Andreas Frech and Martin Spenger of Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München. The work is part of the project "eHumanities – interdisziplinär" and is mentioned in the [DataCite Best Practice Guide](https://github.com/UB-LMU/DataCite_BestPracticeGuide).

Download:
=========
[Download Here](https://github.com/UB-LMU/datacite-metadata-generator/blob/master/index.html)

How to use:
===========
- Download datacite-metadata-generator.html.
- Open using a browser (Firefox/Chrome/Opera recommended, or IE8+).
- Start creating metadata.
- Use 'Select All' button to copy and paste results or 'Save as file' button to save results to a file.

Uses:
=====
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JQuery 3.1.1

Notes:
======
- The form does not perform any XML validation or validation against the DataCite schema.



